## Note about the types of documentation in BioCro {- #sec:documenation-types}

There several categories of documentation for BioCro:

* The top-level `README.md` is for general information about BioCro
  and is intended for _potential_ users of the package.

* The files in `man` directory document the R functions and the data
  associated with the BioCro package and are intended for _users_ of
  the package.

* The files in the `vignettes` directory are generally "longform"
  documentation, also intended for _users_ of the package.

* There is the documentation generated by Doxygen, generally from
  comments in the C++ source files.  This is of interest to
  developers, but general users may also be interested, particularly
  in the documentation of the various BioCro modules.

* Finally, there are various `.md` or `.Rmd` files scattered about the
  package that are referenced by the `bookdown/_bookdown.yml`
  configuration file, and that can be compiled into a book (_this_
  book, if you are reading this page in _bookdown_) using the
  `bookdown` package.  This documentation is targeted at BioCro
  developers and maintainers.

## The on-line documentation {-}

Each of the above categories of documentation is available on-line at
https://ebimodeling.github.io/biocro-dev-documentation/.  This is the
landing page for various versions of the on-line documentation of the
code in the `ebimodeling/biocro-dev` repository.  (Note that this page
does not necessarily contain links to all available versions of the
documentation.  This page must be updated manually by editing the file
`README.md` at the top level of the
`ebimodeling/biocro-dev-documentation` GitHub repository.  See
information about direct links to known versions below.)

Each time a change is made to the master branch of the repository, the
documentation for the branch is automatically generated and deployed.
**The URL for the latest version of the _master_ branch is
https://ebimodeling.github.io/biocro-dev-documentation/master/pkgdown/index.html.**

Automatic generation and deployment also happens each time a version
of the code is tagged.  The direct link for a tagged version is
`https://ebimodeling.github.io/biocro-dev-documentation/<tag-name>/pkgdown/index.html`,
where `<tag-name>` is the name of the tag used.

The layout of the on-line documentation is in the form of a
[pkgdown](https://pkgdown.r-lib.org/index.html) document.  Each of the
categories of documentation listed above corresponds to a portion of
this document as follows:

* The `README.md` document appears on the pkgdown home page (_BioCro_
  in the menu).

* The `man` pages appear under the menu item _References_.  (Note that
  although the page heading on this page says _Function reference_,
  documentation of the various data sets is included as well.)

* The vignettes appear under the menu item _Articles_.

* The Doxygen documentation appears under the menu item _C++ Library_.
  Note that there are various forms of this documentation of varying
  concision and comprehensiveness.

* The developer documentation (this book!) appears under the menu item
  _Developer's Manual_.

Note that the Developer's Manual, the C++ documentation, and the
PDF-style vignettes are not well integrated into pkgdown, and the user
will have to click the browser _back_ button to return to pkgdown
proper to have access to all of the menu items.

In addition to the documentation proper, the menu bar contains some
other useful links:

* The _About_ page gives useful information about the
  documentation---namely, which branch and commit version it
  corresponds to and the commit and generation dates.

* The _Changelog_ shows the BioCro version history.

* Finally, there is a search box at the right of the menu bar.  **Note
  that this will not search the portions of the documentation not
  integrated into pkgdown, that is, it will not search the Developer's
  Manual, the C++ documentation, or the PDF-style vignettes.** And the
  search box only functions when pkgdown is deployed on a server.
